HTML block support & bug fixes (#362)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: packages/block-template/templates/html/README.md

# Block Protocol template: HTML

## Step one: copy this template

See [https://blockprotocol.org/docs/developing-blocks](https://blockprotocol.org/docs/developing-blocks)

**TL;DR:** Run `npx create-block-app [your-block-name] --template=html`

Other templates are available. See `npx create-block-app --help`

## Step two: write and build a component

1.  Change into the folder: `cd path/to/your-block-name`

> 1.  Update `block-metadata.json` and `block-schema.json` to define your block's metadata and the properties it take1. . [Other block types]() can define much of this for you. See [Block types](https://blockprotocol.org/spec/block-types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Update `block-metadata.json` and `block-schema.json` to define your block's metadata and the properties it take.
```
